your son seems to be interested in only
one thing all he talks about
all he seems capable of thinking about
his automobile racing
Racing's everything from my family it
isn't just a sport it's way more
important than that it's like a religion
are you ready to become a real racecar
driver that sign that contract he's just
trying to scare you son let you do
behind the wheel of a racecar has
nothing to do with business you walk
away from me you walk away from this
deal no matter how a while you drive if
you want win you want place I guarantee
you right now you won't even finish the
race if they can drive a car and change
the world it doesn't work like that
maybe not but it's the only thing I know
how to do when I gotta do something
wasn't my idea
oh no it was his
he's going to be very good no he's going
to be the best if they don't destroy him
first